Get tweets --> Clean ---> Transform in Tabular ----> Sentimental analysis -----> ML(add tag) ----> Visualization



Data Souce : Twitter

Topic of Aanlysis :  Covid 19




1 - Project title with team members (and team number)

Analysis and Insights on COVID-19 (coronavirus) based on Twitter Tweets.


2 - Use cases to be satisfied for hypothetical customers

a.User specifies the filters(region, date range…) and receives graphs about Covid-19
b.System runs data (machine learning) model and displays list of feature vectors, each with predicted label

3  -Methodology (how/what do you propose to do)

Data Ingestion : -                    Get the Tweets From Twitter related to COVID-19                            Technology Would be Apache Kafka
Data Cleaning and Transformation : -  Cleaned and transformed data based on features needed for analysis         Technology would be Apache Spark   
Data Analysis :-      Do sentimental analysis on our dataset and train a machine learning model to classify the tweets    Technology used would be Apache SparkML and DSL 
Data Visualization :-   Weekly/Daily number of tweets, Based on Region , Based on sentiments                     Technology used would be Apache Zepplin


4 - Data sources, enumerating the magnitude (primarily the # of rows) of the data that you will process;
Apache Kakfa -  Min 2000 rows per day. We would start ingesting the data from next week. As this is a peak period.

5 - Milestones/sprints (approximately one week to ten days between each)

Our Sprint is one week Duration

Sprint 1   - Setup Kafka Cluster and Get Tweets From Kafka.
Sprint 2   - Build data cleaning part of Data Pipeline.  
Sprint 3   - Analyze dataset with NLP algorithm and generate a new dataset for coming analysis.
Sprint 4   - Sentimental analysis
Sprint 5   - Setup Zepplin and implement dashboard/reports. 
Sprint 6   - Prepare for presentation and solve any bugs we have.

The language would be Scala.

Github Repo :- https://github.com/adwaitasathe/Covid-19_Analysis_Twitter

7 - Acceptance criteria (how will I know that you have achieved what you set out to do? -- see separate item)

80% cases will be classified correctly for the machine learning models.
Data pipeline should work correctly with any flaws.
90% of the data ingested should be a part of Visualization Data.

8 - Goals of the project (what do you expect to achieve and accomplish).

We would to analyze the dataset to figure out how people think about the coronavirus and use machine learning models to add some tags like worried, not worried to tweets.

From Technology Perspective, Learn Apache Kafka , Apache Spark and Zepplin.



